	"A breakthrough in machine learning would be worth ten Microsofts" - Bill Gates. Indeed, what better reflects the vastness of this field than this statement made by the richest man on earth.
	Since my childhood days, it would occur to me to build something that could make my work easy; do all my homework by its own, do all the household chores that my mom used to make me do; due to the obvious fact that I had no interest in anything else except playing games. I still remember the day as if it were yesterday. I was just surfing the internet to read about upcoming technologies and I came across this term 'Machine Learning'. I was amused and decided to dig up more. To be honest, I did not understand even a bit of it at the moment. However, there was something that attracted me towards this field with an ever-increasing curiosity. 
	In my second year, I got this opportunity to do a project that was collaborated with Google-India. The project dealt with finding an optimised and efficient working of travelling Salesman Problem to optimise the delivery system of a Government NGO. This project opened my eyes to the plethora of different upcoming fields including machine learning and artificial intelligence. I realised the immense potential that could be tapped thorugh breakthroughs in these areas which lured to me into them completely. The diversified use of machine learning with other fields like computer vision and image processing in itself fills my brains with so may vividly ideas that this package of fields became more of a hobby, a temptation for me. I was looking for a platform where I could use these in practical applications and voila, I came across this Internet.org challenge by facebook. As a part of this challenge, me along with my team focused on building a web-based platform to assist the farmers in pest detection through our knowledge of image processing and machine learning. 
	My third year of college was the time when I was officially exposed to Machine Learning as a part of curriculum. To be frank, I still miss the classes. Undoubtedly, I secured a full grade in the subject. At the same time, I officially also undertook a project under a different professor who shared passion for similar fields. The project dealt with gesture recognition using leap motion controller - a device that comes in handy in the fields of virtual or augmented reality. We also focused on detecting hand tremors in humans to predict for any disorders. This was the time when the use of machine learning with virtual reality just simply blew my mind away. I was totally mesemerised with its pure awesomeness.
	Currently, after gaining some insight into this field, I am doing projects under 2 professors of mine wherein one of the projects deals with the use of different machine learning algorithms to detect and predict the social and financial trends of stock markets. While the other project deals with the use of machine learning to develop applications dealing with the InternetOfThings (IoT).
	It is evidently clear now that my interests lie in machine learning, artificial intelligence, virtual reality and computer vision. I believe with no doubt that an opportunity for a research programme at your esteemed institue will not only help me foster, but also the interaction with such an elite crowd of mentors, teachers and fellow researchers will drive a very positive insight into contributing even more to the development of these areas.
